# Usability Report: Mercury Package Manager
## Team A | Fall 2020
### Test Facilitated By: Emily Costa and Coleman Ulry

For the usability tests, we started our subjects on the login screen, and asked them to sign in either as a resident or a deskie, giving them appropriate information in order to sign in as a deskie. This screen, surprisingly, brought about the most confusion than any other aspect of the application. First, three of our subjects noticed that our placeholder text was too dark. It seems that iOS and android display different shades of light gray, which we will fix so that android users can more easily see the placeholder text for our username and password input fields. One possible solution is changing the placeholder font color to white. Secondly, more than one of our subjects asked us whether or not they needed to append “@students.calvin.edu” to the end of their username. Our current username placeholder created confusion for the users. We certainly need to find the solution that best articulates to the user that only a username is sufficient.

On the resident side of the app, we had our subjects complete basic tasks to test out the basic functionality of our application. First, our test subjects logged in as a resident and they were asked to complete basic tasks like checking to see if they had a package, looking at their package archive, and finding the desk hours. This portion of the test went very smoothly. Each of our subjects were able to find all three of these functionalities. The only negative that came up during discussion was the fact that our subjects were drawn to the package cards, which seemed clickable to them. At the moment, they have no functionality upon clicking, so we plan on adding some functionality to these clicks. One idea that would be efficient and helpful is an alert that displays more specific package information when you click on a package. For example, it would tell the user that the package was clicked is a “large, white envelope.” This way, the resident knows they are receiving the correct package.

Moving on to the deskie side of the application, we had our subjects complete the tasks of adding a package to the system, checking to see what packages are ready to be picked up for a specific resident, and checking a user’s archived packages. This, too, went fairly smooth. Each subject expressed that the system we have in place is rather intuitive and simple to use as a first-time user. All 5 subjects were successful in adding a specific package to our system, finding packages ready to be picked up by resident “eac2,” and locating the archived packages of resident “ajf34.” The last piece of functionality that we tested was the ability of the deskie to see their own personal packages, which all 5 of our subjects were able to accomplish and expressed their commendation for this feature. In terms of the styling, we had two comments about how a few of our headers were off-centered. This seems to be a problem that surfaces for android, which we will certainly look into and find a solution for.

Lastly, one of our subjects expressed his desire at the end of the test to log out of his account. We currently do not have account log out functionality, but it is certainly functionality that we believe is needed, because of the fact that we require users to login. As a result, we will implement that in our final deliverable.
